README.md, before:

# Go Skeleton Application (QA)

Go Skeleton QA Application is used for the QA technical check for the necessary knowledge about automation.

The application is built using basic MVC layered architecture.

Available Make functions:

- make build - Compile the code
- make run - Run the code without Hot Reloader
- make fumpt - Run gofumpt
- make mod-vendor - Run go mod vendor
- make linter - Run golangci-lint
- make gosec - Run gosec
- make validate - Run all linter, gosec and tests

## Getting started

**1. Clone the repository**

```
git clone git@github.com:KostLinux/go-skeleton-app.git -b qa
```

**2. Run the application**

Run the application via make run

```
make run
```

## QA Phase

1. Why does /not-bad endpoint fail even with header?

2. Try to look at the headers in response using Curl, what will you notice? 

Make a request `curl http://localhost:8080/ -I` & `http://localhost:8080/` and compare the responses.

Find out, why HTTP status codes are different.

3. Write test cases for the controller package

The docs are available [here](http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html)

Commit message:

feat: added rate limiter, made third task a bit more dynamic

README.md, after:

# Go Skeleton Application (QA)

Go Skeleton QA Application is used for the QA technical check for the necessary knowledge about automation.

The application is built using basic MVC layered architecture.

Available Make functions:

- make build - Compile the code
- make run - Run the code without Hot Reloader
- make fumpt - Run gofumpt
- make mod-vendor - Run go mod vendor
- make linter - Run golangci-lint
- make gosec - Run gosec
- make validate - Run all linter, gosec and tests

## Getting started

**1. Clone the repository**

```
git clone git@github.com:KostLinux/go-skeleton-app.git -b qa
```

**2. Run the application**

Run the application via make run

```
make run
```

## QA Phase

1. Why does /not-bad endpoint fail even with header?

2. Try to look at the headers in response using Curl, what will you notice? 

Make a request `curl http://localhost:8080/ -I` & `http://localhost:8080/` and compare the responses.

Find out, why HTTP status codes are different.

3. Write a test case, which tests whether the rate limiter works properly

Write a simple non-functional test using your preferred language to check whether the rate limiter works.

4. Write test cases for the controller package (optional)

The docs are available [here](http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html)
